# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml --group prod -o requirements/prod.txt
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via openstacksdk
argparse==1.4.0
    # via python-novaclient
asgiref==3.9.0
    # via django
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via redis
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopage==0.5.2
    # via cliff
babel==2.11.0
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   debtcollector
    #   py-moneyed
    #   python-novaclient
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via rq
cliff==4.10.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-ironicclient
cmd2==2.7.0
    # via cliff
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via
    #   django-cryptography
    #   openstacksdk
    #   social-auth-core
debtcollector==1.3.0
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   openstacksdk
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
diff-match-patch==20241021
    # via django-import-export
django==4.2.23
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-auth-ldap
    #   django-cryptography
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-money
    #   django-redis
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-rq
    #   django-taggit
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via django-cryptography
django-auth-ldap==2.4.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
django-cryptography==1.1
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
django-filter==25.1
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
django-import-export==3.3.9
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
django-js-asset==3.1.2
    # via django-mptt
django-money==3.4.1
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
django-mptt==0.14.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
django-prometheus==2.2.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
django-reversion==4.0.2
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
django-rq==2.8.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
django-sitetree==1.18.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
django-taggit==3.1.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
django-threadlocals==0.8
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
djangorestframework==3.15.0
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   drf-nested-routers
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
dogpile-cache==1.3.4
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   openstacksdk
    #   python-ironicclient
drf-nested-routers==0.92.5
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
faker==0.9.0
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   factory-boy
funcsigs==0.4
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
gnureadline==8.2.13
    # via cmd2
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml:prod)
hiredis==3.2.1
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
idna==3.10
    # via requests
iso8601==0.1.11
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-novaclient
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via openpyxl
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via python-ironicclient
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
keystoneauth1==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
markdown==3.2.1
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markuppy==1.18
    # via tablib
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
monotonic==0.6
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via oslo-serialization
msgpack-python==0.4.7
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
mysqlclient==2.0.3
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
netaddr==0.10.1
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   openstacksdk
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
openpyxl==2.6.4
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   tablib
openstacksdk==1.5.0
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-ironicclient
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==4.0.2
    # via python-ironicclient
oslo-config==9.7.1
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-i18n==6.5.1
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo-serialization==5.7.0
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo-utils==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   gunicorn
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   debtcollector
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-utils
    #   positional
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   stevedore
pillow==11.3.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via python-ironicclient
positional==1.0.1
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
prettytable==0.7.2
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   cliff
    #   python-novaclient
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via django-prometheus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via oslo-utils
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
py-moneyed==3.0
    # via django-money
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-ldap
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via python-ldap
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyhermes==0.6.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via social-auth-core
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via oslo-utils
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via cmd2
python-dateutil==2.9.0
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   faker
python-ironicclient==5.12.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
python-keystoneclient==5.6.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
python-ldap==3.4.4
    # via django-auth-ldap
python-novaclient==3.2.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   babel
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   tablib
raven==6.10.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rq
    #   rq
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   pyhermes
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   social-auth-core
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via oslo-config
rich==14.0.0
    # via rich-argparse
rich-argparse==1.7.1
    # via cmd2
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rq==1.16.2
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-rq
setuptools==65.7.0
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-money
    #   markdown
    #   pbr
simplejson==3.8.2
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   python-novaclient
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   debtcollector
    #   faker
    #   pyhermes
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-novaclient
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
social-auth-core==4.7.0
    # via social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
statsd==3.3.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
tablib==3.5.0
    # via django-import-export
tblib==3.1.0
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
text-unidecode==1.2
    # via faker
typing==3.6.6
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   py-moneyed
    #   referencing
    #   rich
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
unidecode==0.4.18
    # via ralph (pyproject.toml)
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via cmd2
wrapt==1.10.6
    # via
    #   ralph (pyproject.toml)
    #   debtcollector
xlrd==2.0.2
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
